PLAYER RULES

The following are rules that all league players are expected to adhere to. Punishment for violation of these rules will be determined by the league board and become effective. You have the right to dispute the board's decision and present any evidence that you have concerning the matter. A final decision will follow from the board. 



1. No dupes of any kind. Players IP's will be recorded by league sysops, and if you have a dynamic IP your IP address won't range that far off. Any evidence of duping will be punished after an investigation. 

2. No Corp breaking into or Corp backstabbing. You are expected to play as part of a team and that doesn't mean giving away your sector or taking your Corp planets and making them personal. If you are found guilty of this you will be removed from the game immediately and your name will be posted as a backstabber at a minimum. Therefore you can feel free to play with anyone you don't know because this won't be tolerated. 

3. Bug use of any kind is strictly prohibited in the game. The league servers will have the latest version of trade wars running on it, but there may still be some bugs in the software. If you are found using a bug you will be eliminated immediately from the game. 

4. Spamming players on Fed Comm is not allowed. You can talk on Fed Comm but you can't send messages irrelevant in order to slow a server down. You will be removed from the game. 

5. You must remain on your Corp at all times. You may quit your Corp to join your other Corp if you are running a blue/red team corp. However, if extern runs and you are not on a Corp or if a league sysop sees that you are not on a Corp proper action whatever it may be will follow. 

6.You are to log on only to the account that you have created. You may not log on as anyone else other than your character. Violation of this will result in deletion of both accounts in question. 

7. Harassment of any kind regarding race, sex, or religion will not be tolerated. Cussing is permitted in league games, but a formal complaint by anyone in the game will result in cussing around that player or in the whole game to cease depending on the level of slang that is going on. 

8. Naming ships or planets anything derogatory along the lines in step 7 will result in a warning and the league sysop will change the name the first time. A second offense will result in banishment from a game and loss of ranking points. 

9. This is a professional league and we expect you to act like players wanting to make a name for themselves. This is a way to show the skill that you have in the game, so lets keep it that way. By no means is this something where we are out to ban you or remove your ranking from the league. Almost all violations, except 1, 2 and 3, will result in a formal warning initially before any action is taken. 

10. Players may choose to not play on a given server for any reason. 

11. There shall be no mega corping, truces, treaties, partners, etc.. along these guidelines. This includes sharing information, resources, ZTM's, CIM's etc... Information and resources can only be shared between members playing on the same corporation registered for that same game. This applys at all times, regardless of how short the co-op work takes place. 

12. TW League board members shall not play on any server run by another board member or co-SysOped by another board member. 

13.All players will follow the rules of the server they are on along with these listed league rules. 

14. "Grandfather Clause" - This is not a complete list of rules rather than a working list. This list will remain open until we see something in a league game that we feel needs to be addressed. The violation will be added to this list, but you will suffer no punishment other than a warning for the first offense. Second offense once it has been added will be punished accordingly. 
